[Palindrome Products]: Approaches (#3310)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/palindrome-products/.approaches/nested-for-loop/content.md

                        answer = []
                    result = int(test_value)
                    answer.append([number_a, number_b])
    if result == 0:
        result = None
    return (result, answer)
```

The largest and smallest functions are very similar.
Although there are some small differences.

The largest function starts with checking if the min_factor is bigger than the max_factor.
If it is, it raises a [`ValueError`][value-error].

After that, it initializes the result to 0 and the answer to an empty list.
Then it starts `for in range` loop.
The first for loop iterates over the range of numbers from min_factor to max_factor.
The second for loop iterates over the same range of numbers.
Then it checks if the product of the two numbers is bigger than the result.
If it is, it converts the product to a string and checks if it is a palindrome.

We can check if a string is a palindrome by comparing it to its reverse.
There are multiple ways to reverse a string.
The most common way is to use the slice notation.
The slice notation is `string[start:stop:step]`.
You can read more about it in: [reverse string with slice][string-reverse].

> If it is, it checks if the product is bigger than the result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the string is a palindrome, the solution next checks if the product is bigger than the current result.
```

> If it is, it clears the answer list and sets the result to the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the product is bigger, the answer list is cleared, and the current result is set to the most recent product.
```

Then it appends the two numbers to the answer list.

After the two for loops, it checks if the result is 0.
If it is, it sets the result to [`None`][none].
Then it returns the result and the answer.

> The smallest one is very similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `smallest` one is very similar.
```
